0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
0
It's getting hard to keep up with the crap I've trashed It's getting hard to keep up with the crap I've trashed It's getting hard to keep up with the crap I've trashed
1
bump to 0.0.3-dev:wq bump to 0.0.3-dev:wq bump to 0.0.3-dev:wq
2
move your body every every body move your body every every body move your body every every body
3
Reset error count between rows. herpderp Reset error count between rows. herpderp Reset error count between rows. herpderp
4
Fixed the build. Fixed the build. Fixed the build.
5
Fucking templates. Fucking templates. Fucking templates.
6
(\ /)
(O.o)
(> <) Bunny approves these changes. (\ /)
(O.o)
(> <) Bunny approves these changes. (\ /)
(O.o)
(> <) Bunny approves these changes.
7
Stuff Stuff Stuff
8
REALLY FUCKING FIXED REALLY FUCKING FIXED REALLY FUCKING FIXED
9
GIT :/ GIT :/ GIT :/
10
Final commit, ready for tagging Final commit, ready for tagging Final commit, ready for tagging
11
formatted all formatted all formatted all
12
what the hell happened here what the hell happened here what the hell happened here
13
well crap. well crap. well crap.
14
did everything did everything did everything
15
Committing fixes in the dark, seriously, who killed my power!? Committing fixes in the dark, seriously, who killed my power!? Committing fixes in the dark, seriously, who killed my power!?
16
This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.
17
after of this commit remember do a git reset hard after of this commit remember do a git reset hard after of this commit remember do a git reset hard
18
To be honest, I do not quite remember everything I changed here today. But it is all good, I tell ya. To be honest, I do not quite remember everything I changed here today. But it is all good, I tell ya. To be honest, I do not quite remember everything I changed here today. But it is all good, I tell ya.
19
debug line test debug line test debug line test
20
PEBKAC PEBKAC PEBKAC
21
I forgot to commit... So here you go. I forgot to commit... So here you go. I forgot to commit... So here you go.
22
Reticulating splines... Reticulating splines... Reticulating splines...
23
Who knows... Who knows... Who knows...
24
lol lol lol
25
I'm human I'm human I'm human
26
fix /sigh fix /sigh fix /sigh
27
Arrrrgggg Arrrrgggg Arrrrgggg
28
lots of changes after a lot of time lots of changes after a lot of time lots of changes after a lot of time
29
Removed test case since code didn't pass QA Removed test case since code didn't pass QA Removed test case since code didn't pass QA
30
It compiles! Ship it! It compiles! Ship it! It compiles! Ship it!
31
move your body every every body move your body every every body move your body every every body
32
Refactored configuration. Refactored configuration. Refactored configuration.
33
herpderp (redux) herpderp (redux) herpderp (redux)
34
another big bag of changes another big bag of changes another big bag of changes
35
Friday 5pm Friday 5pm Friday 5pm
36
I'm too foo for this bar I'm too foo for this bar I'm too foo for this bar
37
A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything
38
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
39
Don’t even try to refactor it. Don’t even try to refactor it. Don’t even try to refactor it.
40
Not one conflict, today was a good day. Not one conflict, today was a good day. Not one conflict, today was a good day.
41
I am Spartacus I am Spartacus I am Spartacus
42
Some bugs fixed Some bugs fixed Some bugs fixed
43
I'M PUSHING. I'M PUSHING. I'M PUSHING.
44
Fixed a bug cause coopermaruyama said to Fixed a bug cause coopermaruyama said to Fixed a bug cause coopermaruyama said to
45
fixed the israeli-palestinian conflict fixed the israeli-palestinian conflict fixed the israeli-palestinian conflict
46
Just stop reading these for a while, ok.. Just stop reading these for a while, ok.. Just stop reading these for a while, ok..
47
This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.
48
It's 2016; why are we using ColdFusion?! It's 2016; why are we using ColdFusion?! It's 2016; why are we using ColdFusion?!
49
Somebody set up us the bomb. Somebody set up us the bomb. Somebody set up us the bomb.
50
I am Root. We are Root. I am Root. We are Root. I am Root. We are Root.
51
Same as last commit with changes Same as last commit with changes Same as last commit with changes
52
it's friday it's friday it's friday
53
This is supposed to crash This is supposed to crash This is supposed to crash
54
??! what the ... ??! what the ... ??! what the ...
55
You can't see it, but I'm making a very angry face right now You can't see it, but I'm making a very angry face right now You can't see it, but I'm making a very angry face right now
56
I don't know why. Just move on. I don't know why. Just move on. I don't know why. Just move on.
57
#GrammarNazi #GrammarNazi #GrammarNazi
58
Shit code! Shit code! Shit code!
59
various changes various changes various changes
60
If it's hacky and you know it clap you hands (clap clap)! If it's hacky and you know it clap you hands (clap clap)! If it's hacky and you know it clap you hands (clap clap)!
61
more stuff more stuff more stuff
62
and so the crazy refactoring process sees the sunlight after some months in the dark! and so the crazy refactoring process sees the sunlight after some months in the dark! and so the crazy refactoring process sees the sunlight after some months in the dark!
63
someday I gonna kill someone for this shit... someday I gonna kill someone for this shit... someday I gonna kill someone for this shit...
64
It'd be nice if type errors caused the compiler to issue a type error It'd be nice if type errors caused the compiler to issue a type error It'd be nice if type errors caused the compiler to issue a type error
65
workaround for ant being a pile of fail workaround for ant being a pile of fail workaround for ant being a pile of fail
66
Herpderp, shoulda check if it does really compile. Herpderp, shoulda check if it does really compile. Herpderp, shoulda check if it does really compile.
67
this is my quickfix branch and i will use to do my quickfixes this is my quickfix branch and i will use to do my quickfixes this is my quickfix branch and i will use to do my quickfixes
68
bug fix bug fix bug fix
69
marks marks marks
70
first blush first blush first blush
71
No changes made No changes made No changes made
72
Removed test case since code didn't pass QA Removed test case since code didn't pass QA Removed test case since code didn't pass QA
73
Finished fondling. Finished fondling. Finished fondling.
74
Ok, 5am, it works.  For real. Ok, 5am, it works.  For real. Ok, 5am, it works.  For real.
75
derp, helper method rename derp, helper method rename derp, helper method rename
76
(c) Microsoft 1988 (c) Microsoft 1988 (c) Microsoft 1988
77
I really should've committed this when I finished it... I really should've committed this when I finished it... I really should've committed this when I finished it...
78
Add Sandbox Add Sandbox Add Sandbox
79
SEXY RUSSIAN CODES WAITING FOR YOU TO CALL SEXY RUSSIAN CODES WAITING FOR YOU TO CALL SEXY RUSSIAN CODES WAITING FOR YOU TO CALL
80
(c) Microsoft 1988 (c) Microsoft 1988 (c) Microsoft 1988
81
Locating the required gigapixels to render... Locating the required gigapixels to render... Locating the required gigapixels to render...
82
Issue #2 is now Issue #9 Issue #2 is now Issue #9 Issue #2 is now Issue #9
83
added super-widget 2.0. added super-widget 2.0. added super-widget 2.0.
84
syntax syntax syntax
85
LOTS of changes. period LOTS of changes. period LOTS of changes. period
86
Feed. You. Stuff. No time. Feed. You. Stuff. No time. Feed. You. Stuff. No time.
87
Now added delete for real Now added delete for real Now added delete for real
88
#GrammarNazi #GrammarNazi #GrammarNazi
89
I don't know what these changes are supposed to accomplish but somebody told me to make them. I don't know what these changes are supposed to accomplish but somebody told me to make them. I don't know what these changes are supposed to accomplish but somebody told me to make them.
90
added some filthy stuff added some filthy stuff added some filthy stuff
91
A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything A fix I believe, not like I tested or anything
92
Please no changes this time. Please no changes this time. Please no changes this time.
93
Done, to whoever merges this, good luck. Done, to whoever merges this, good luck. Done, to whoever merges this, good luck.
94
Fixed a little bug... Fixed a little bug... Fixed a little bug...
95
bara bra grejjor bara bra grejjor bara bra grejjor
96
Finished fondling. Finished fondling. Finished fondling.
97
fix tpyo fix tpyo fix tpyo
98
fixes fixes fixes
99
It worked for me... It worked for me... It worked for me...
100
GIT :/ GIT :/ GIT :/
101
someday I gonna kill someone for this shit... someday I gonna kill someone for this shit... someday I gonna kill someone for this shit...
102
that coulda been bad that coulda been bad that coulda been bad
103
ALL SORTS OF THINGS ALL SORTS OF THINGS ALL SORTS OF THINGS
104
oops! oops! oops!
105
Whee. Whee. Whee.
106
This branch is so dirty, even your mom can't clean it. This branch is so dirty, even your mom can't clean it. This branch is so dirty, even your mom can't clean it.
107
move your body every every body move your body every every body move your body every every body
108
making this thing actually usable. making this thing actually usable. making this thing actually usable.
109
more fixes more fixes more fixes
110
first blush first blush first blush
111
SHIT ===> GOLD SHIT ===> GOLD SHIT ===> GOLD
112
This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing. This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.
113
fixed errors in the previous commit fixed errors in the previous commit fixed errors in the previous commit
114
hoo boy hoo boy hoo boy
115
arrrggghhhhh fixed! arrrggghhhhh fixed! arrrggghhhhh fixed!
116
fixed shit that havent been fixed in last commit fixed shit that havent been fixed in last commit fixed shit that havent been fixed in last commit
117
One does not simply merge into master One does not simply merge into master One does not simply merge into master
118
assorted changes assorted changes assorted changes
119
Glue. Match sticks. Paper. Build script! Glue. Match sticks. Paper. Build script! Glue. Match sticks. Paper. Build script!
120
Yep, Todd was right on this one. Yep, Todd was right on this one. Yep, Todd was right on this one.
121
pep8 - cause I fell like doing a barrel roll pep8 - cause I fell like doing a barrel roll pep8 - cause I fell like doing a barrel roll
122
lolwhat? lolwhat? lolwhat?
123
Done, to whoever merges this, good luck. Done, to whoever merges this, good luck. Done, to whoever merges this, good luck.
124
COMMIT ALL THE FILES! COMMIT ALL THE FILES! COMMIT ALL THE FILES!
125
really ignore ignored worsd really ignore ignored worsd really ignore ignored worsd
126
Well the book was obviously wrong. Well the book was obviously wrong. Well the book was obviously wrong.
127
gave up and used tables. gave up and used tables. gave up and used tables.
128
Add Sandbox Add Sandbox Add Sandbox
129
I'm too old for this shit! I'm too old for this shit! I'm too old for this shit!
130
pointless limitation pointless limitation pointless limitation
131
extra debug for stuff module extra debug for stuff module extra debug for stuff module
132
Useful text Useful text Useful text
133
FOR REAL. FOR REAL. FOR REAL.
134
Rainer rebase plx? Rainer rebase plx? Rainer rebase plx?
135
Stuff Stuff Stuff
136
added some filthy stuff added some filthy stuff added some filthy stuff
137
bug fix bug fix bug fix
138
Not one conflict, today was a good day. Not one conflict, today was a good day. Not one conflict, today was a good day.
139
Lock S-foils in attack position Lock S-foils in attack position Lock S-foils in attack position
140
jobs... steve jobs jobs... steve jobs jobs... steve jobs
141
i dunno, maybe this works i dunno, maybe this works i dunno, maybe this works
142
No time to commit.. My people need me! No time to commit.. My people need me! No time to commit.. My people need me!
143
That last commit message about silly mistakes pales in comparision to this one That last commit message about silly mistakes pales in comparision to this one That last commit message about silly mistakes pales in comparision to this one
144
that's all folks that's all folks that's all folks
145
I'm just a grunt. Don't blame me for this awful PoS. I'm just a grunt. Don't blame me for this awful PoS. I'm just a grunt. Don't blame me for this awful PoS.
146
Yep, Pat was right on this one. Yep, Pat was right on this one. Yep, Pat was right on this one.
